d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.exe.config
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.exe
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.pdb
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Diff.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Controls.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MyAnimeGuide_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MyAnimeGuide_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.g.resources
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.exe
d:\users\lemon\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyAnimeGuide\MyAnimeGuide\obj\Debug\MyAnimeGuide.pdb
